Subj: OR*3*312 Heads up ..  [#67315] 17 Mar 2015 14:45:07 -0400 (EDT)  41 lines
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OR*3.0*312 was released today with a compliance date of April 17, 2015.  
I would like to alert the sites to two things specifically regarding this 
patch.
1.       Prior to installing, please be sure to note the information in 
the patch documentation directing sites to review locally created reports 
that may be stored under nationally released iens.  If you have any of 
these at your site, they will be overwritten by the patch.
 
2.       The "All Medications" report that will display remote data from 
other facilities will not be fully functional until all sites have 
installed. The report will only display remote data from sites that have 
also installed the patch.  There is no indication in CPRS that the data 
displayed is not complete in this situation.  From the patch 
documentation:
 
 
  The All Medications report will be placed as the first item on the 
Pharmacy
  menu on the CPRS Reports Tab.
  
  The All Medications report supports Remote Data Views (RDV) from remote
          Facilities. Please note that remote data will not be available 
from all
  sites until every VA site has installed this patch. Only sites that have
  installed this patch will return remote data for this report when being
          queried. If a remote site is queried that has not installed the 
patch,
          no data is returned and no message is given to the user 
indicating that
          the remote site may or may not have data. This will not be a 
problem once
          all sites have installed the patch, usually within 30 days of 
the patch
          being released.


Subj: OR*3*312 clarification  [#67316] 17 Mar 2015 16:26:44 -0400 (EDT)
134 lines
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Just a clarification, making copies of the reports in file 101.24 for 
iens >999 only applies to locally created reports (or modifications to 
the national reports).  Here's a listing of the current nationally 
released reports in this ien range:
 
  1004  ORRPW DISCHARGE SUMMARY
  1006  ORRPW RADIOLOGY IMAGING
  1007  ORRPW PROCEDURES
  1018  ORRPW ADT DEMO
  1020  ORRPW DIET
  1021  ORRPW LAB
  1022  ORRPW MEDICINE/CP
  1023  ORRPW ORDERS MENU
  1024  ORRPW PCE
  1025  ORRPW PHARMACY
  1026  ORRPW PROBLEM LIST
  1027  ORRPW RADIOLOGY
  1028  ORRPW SURGERY
  1029  ORRPW VITALS
  1030  ORRPW PN
  1031  ORRPW REPORT CATEGORIES
  1032  ORRPW ALLERGIES ADV
  1033  ORRPW ADT DEMOG
  1034  ORRPW ADT INS
  1035  ORRPW ADT DISAB
  1036  ORRPW ADT ADM DC
  1037  ORRPW ADT EXP
  1038  ORRPW ADT DC DIAG
  1039  ORRPW ADT DISC
  1040  ORRPW ADT FUTURE CLINIC
  1041  ORRPW ADT ICD PROC
  1042  ORRPW ADT ICD SURG
  1043  ORRPW ADT TRANSFERS
  1044  ORRPW ADT TREATING SPEC
  1045  ORRPW COMP
  1046  ORRPW DIET GEN
  1047  ORRPW DIET DIET
  1048  ORRPW DIET NUTR
  1049  ORRPW DIET SUPP
  1050  ORRPW DIET TUBE
  1051  ORRPW LAB BLOOD AV
  1052  ORRPW LAB BLOOD TR
  1054  ORRPW LAB MICRO
  1055  ORRPW LAB CHEM
  1056  ORRPW LAB EM
  1057  ORRPW LAB ORDERS
  1058  ORRPW LAB SP
  1059  ORRPW LAB CY
  1060  ORRPW ADT HISTORY
  1061  ORRPW MED AB
  1062  ORRPW MED BRIEF
  1063  ORRPW MED FULL
  1064  ORRPW MED FUL REP
  1065  ORRPW ADT PAST CLINIC
  1066  ORRPW PCE EDUCATION
  1067  ORRPW PCE EDUCATION LAT
  1068  ORRPW PCE GAF SCORES
  1069  ORRPW PCE HEALTH FACT
  1070  ORRPW PCE IMMUNIZATION
  1071  ORRPW PCE LOCATION HOME
  1072  ORRPW PCE OUPT DX
  1073  ORRPW PCE OUTPT ENCOUNTER
  1074  ORRPW PCE SKIN TEST
  1076  ORRPW PCE EXAM LATEST
  1077  ORRPW PCE TREATMENTS PROVIDED
  1078  ORRPW PHARMACY ACT OUT
  1079  ORRPW PHARMACY ALL OUT
  1080  ORRPW PHARMACY ACTIVE IV
  1081  ORRPW PHARMACY IV
  1082  ORRPW PHARMACY UNIT DOSE
  1083  ORRPW PROBLEM ACTIVE
  1084  ORRPW PROBLEM ALL
  1085  ORRPW PROBLEM INACTIVE
  1086  ORRPW PN PROGRESS NOTES
  1087  ORRPW PN ADV DIRECTIVE
  1088  ORRPW PN CLINICAL WARN
  1089  ORRPW PN CRISIS NOTES
  1090  ORRPW RADIOLOGY IMPRESSION
  1091  ORRPW RADIOLOGY REPORT
  1092  ORRPW RADIOLOGY STATUS
  1093  ORRP ANATOMIC PATHOLOGY
  1094  ORRP AP EM
  1095  ORRP AP CY
  1096  ORRP AP SP
  1097  ORRP AP AU
  1098  ORRP PROBLEM LIST
  1100  ORRPW ORDERS CURRENT
  1101  ORRPW ADT VISITS
  1102  ORRPW DOD
  1104  ORRPW DOD LAB
  1105  ORRPW DOD PHARM ALL OUT
  1106  ORRPW DOD RAD REPORT
  1107  ORRP ECS PCE SUMMARY
  1108  ORRP ECS PT SUMMARY
  1109  ORRP ECS
  1130  ORRPW DOD DISCHARGE SUMMARY
  1131  ORRPW DOD ADT EXP
  1132  ORRPW DOD LAB CHEM
  1133  ORRPW DOD LAB MICRO
  1134  ORRPW DOD LAB ORDERS
  1135  ORRPW DOD LAB SP
  1136  ORRPW DOD LAB CY
  1137  ORRPW DOD ALLERGIES ADV
  1138  ORCV IMMUNIZATIONS
  1139  ORRPW DOD CONSULTS
  1140  ORRPW DOD PCE OUTPT ENCOUNTER
  1141  ORRPW DOD VITALS
  1143  ORRPW DOD HISTORIES
  1144  ORRPW DOD FAMILY HISTORY
  1145  ORRPW DOD SOCIAL HISTORY
  1146  ORRPW DOD OTHER PAST MED HX
  1147  ORRPW DOD QUESTIONNAIRES
  1150  ORWG GRAPHING
  1550  ORRPW HDR
  1551  ORRPW HDR ALLERGIES
  1552  ORRPW HDR VITALS
  1553  ORRPW HDR PHARMACY OUT
  1554  ORRPW DOD PN PROGRESS NOTES
  1555  ORRPW PHARMACY NON-VA MEDS
  1556  ORRPW HDR LAB CHEM
  1557  ORRPW DOD PROBLEM LIST ALL
  1600  ORRPL LAB CY
  1601  ORRPL LAB EM
  1602  ORRPL LAB SP
  1603  ORRPW LAB AU
  1604  ORAM ANTICOAG REPORT
