Subj: Release of Pharmacy Enterprise Customization System (PECS) v3.0  [#156566]
22 Jul 2014 10:58:52 -0400 (EDT)  150 lines
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To:     G.IRM CHIEFS (NATIONAL) & STAFF
        G.SITEMANAGERSNATIONAL
        G.PATCH
        G.SSA
        G.CSPROVSYS
        G.PHARMACY ADPACS
        G.CSHDSYS
        G.CLIN APP COORDINATORS
 
 
From:  Clinical 1 Team, Clinical Product Support
 
                    Release Announcement
 
Deployment Schedule
The Health Systems Release Board approved the Pharmacy Enterprise 
Customization System (PECS) v3.0 for National Release on June 23, 2014; 
the product is being turned over by Product Development's Pharmacy 
Reengineering (PRE) team to the System Design & Engineering (SDE) 
Implementation Manager (IM), and Field Operations (FO) for deployment as 
follows in line with the PECS v3.0 Installation Guide:
   The Austin Information Technology Center (AITC) will promote the
   product first to the Pre-Production environment and then the Production
   environment.
   The Regional Field Operations Staff will update each of the MOCHA
   Server Clusters hosted at AITC and the Philadelphia Information
   Technology Center (PITC).
 
Exact timing of these events is yet to be determined and will be 
coordinated by the SDE IM in line with the AITC Release Schedule:
 
   PECS v3.0 deployment to Pre-Production
   PECS v3.0 deployment to Production
 
Appropriate announcements will be distributed by AITC and Regional staff 
in line with normal communication procedures.  If you wish to be included 
in these announcements, please contact the SDE IM.
 
The Software Product
 
PECS v3.0:
Pharmacy Enterprise Customization System (PECS) is a Java 2 Enterprise 
Edition (J2EE) application used to research, review, report, and manage 
customized drug information from First Data Bank's (FDB) MedKnowledge 
Framework (formerly Drug Information Framework (DIF)), which is a 
Commercial-off-the-Shelf (COTS) product, used in the enhanced order 
checking process.
 
The PECS application, through a web-based Graphical User Interface (GUI), 
allows VHA pharmacists and clinicians to research and request custom 
changes to Drug-Drug Interaction, Drug Pairs, Dose Range, Duplicate 
Therapy, and Professional Monograph records, controlling access through a 
role based authorization. VHA Pharmacy Benefits Management (PBM) 
periodically (as needed in support of VA procedures and priorities) 
prepare, review and approve the customizations, which result in VA Custom 
drug data, which will supersede or enhance the industry standard FDB-drug 
data. 
 
The purpose of this software product release is to replace the current 
version, PECS v2.2.1, with an enhanced version, PECS v3.0, which provides 
functional enhancements to Easy Search, Reports, Drug-Drug Interaction 
(DDI), Drug Pairs (DP), Dose Range (DR), Duplicate Therapy (DT), and 
Professional Monograph (PM).  Architectural Enhancements for PECS v3.0 
include an upgrade of the 3rd party product FDB MedKnowledge Framework to 
v3.3. 
PECS v3.0 includes several enhancements to the system to provide better 
data integrity. The biggest changes for this release are:
 
   Upgrade of the FDB MedKnowledge Framework COTS software from version
   3.2 to version 3.3.
   Enhancements to query functionality to find Drug information.
   Enhancements to the customization of Drug information.
   Easy Search functionality which utilizes MOCHA Server Order Check 
   functionality.
   Comparison reports for FDB Updates.
 
Impacts to Pharmacists and Clinicians:
   As a PECS User, pharmacists, clinicians, and Pharmacy Benefits
   Management personnel on the concept detail page can hover their mouse
   over an icon next to any required field with changes and see the
   corresponding changes.
   As a PECS User, pharmacists, clinicians, and Pharmacy Benefits
   Management personnel can download an Excel report on the full
   customization history. 
   As a PECS User, pharmacists, clinicians, and Pharmacy Benefits
   Management personnel within DP customization can search routed generic
   drugs and add multiple routed generic drugs pairs to the associated
   DDI. 
   As a PECS User, pharmacists, clinicians, and Pharmacy Benefits
   Management personnel within Easy Search can:
      Create a query that produces a report that lists the drug pairs and
      their associated interactions for a Dispensable Generic Drug or a
      Dispensable Drug.
      Search for Dispensable Drugs along with Dispensable Generics.
      View values for DOSE HIGH, DOSE HIGH UNITS, DOSE RATE HIGH and DOSE
      RATE HIGH UNITS for dose range queries.
MOCHA Server v2.0:
The enhancements to the MOCHA Server version 2.0 software include:
   Upgrade FDB MedKnowledge Framework support from version 3.2 to version 
   3.3.
   Supporting the new Not-To-Exceed fields for a Dose Range.
 
PPS-N v1.1:
The only enhancement to the PPS-N version 1.1 software, beyond the 
currently in-production PPS-N v1.0, is:
   Upgrade FDB MedKnowledge Framework support from version 3.2 to version 
   3.3.
 
DATUP v2.0:
The only enhancement to the DATUP version 2.0 software, beyond the 
currently in-production DATUP v1.1, is:
   Upgrade FDB MedKnowledge Framework support from version 3.2 to version 
   3.3.
 
Patch Information
 
Below is a list of the Informational Patch Numbers for this deployment:
PECS: PREC*3.0*1
MOCHA Server: PREM*2.0*1
PPS-N: PREN*1.1*1
DATUP: PRED*2.0*1
 
Documentation
Note: Due to policy constraints, active links cannot be included in this 
document. Please copy and paste the URLs into your browser.
Each project establishes a 'release baseline' at project inception. These 
are the documents that enter into change control at deployment. A subset 
of these documents accompanies the product release to the Field. This is 
referred to as the 'release package'. The Master Go No Go Checklist 
defines the Release Baseline for each Project. The Master Go No Go 
Testing & Release Checklist can be found at 
http://vaww.eie.va.gov/lifecycle/default.aspx and at 
http://vaww.eie.va.gov/ETS/default.aspx. 
The following documents support installation and administration of the 
product and can be found at the following URL: 
http://tspr.vista.med.va.gov/warboard/anotebk.asp?proj=1474&Type=Active.
   PECS v3.0 Implementation and Deployment Plan
   PECS v3.0 Training Plan
   PECS v3.0 Risk Management Plan
   PECS v3.0 System/Product Build
   PECS v3.0 Installation Guide
   PECS v3.0 User Guide
   PECS v3.0 Operations and Maintenance Plan
   PECS v3.0 Troubleshooting Guide
   PECS v3.0 Release Notes
   DATUP Local Install Guide
   DATUP National Install Guide
   DATUP v2.0 Release Notes
   MOCHA Server Installation Guide
   MOCHA Server v2.0 Release Notes
